# Mechanical Assembly Instructions

1. Identify what thickness of plexiglass you want to use. Previously, plexiglass of 3mm thickness was used successfully, but slightly higher thickness (3.5mm) would make the box less prone to cracks and breaking. This folder contains design files for 3mm and 3.5mm, although the 3.5mm design is yet to be tested 
2. If using the 3 or 3.5mm plexiglass, you can use the ".svg" files in this folder pertaining to that thickness. If using a different thickness, you will need to generate the box design from scratch using [this website](https://www.festi.info/boxes.py/ClosedBox?language=en) and ensure that the appropriate thickness value is entered. For an example of settings that worked successfully in a previous print, refer to [this image](https://github.com/Bhaskaryechuri/BMLMosquitoMonitor/blob/main/Mechanical/20201016%20-%20Settings%20for%203mm%20box%20.png). Changes can be made to these values if you wish to modify certain attributes (such as how tight you want the finger joints to be).
3. Once the ".svg" file is generated, additional features can be added to any of the 6 panels of the cube. [Inkscape](https://inkscape.org/release/0.92.2/mac-os-x/) is a free tool for the Mac that was previously used successfully, but any program to modify vector files can be used. Conversely, the features of one of the exemplar ".svg" files in this folder can also be directly copy-pasted from one file to another using Inkscape or a comparable application.
4. The next step is to use your ".svg" file to laser-cut plexiglass sheets into the cube's panels. There are many places on the UBC campus that offer laser-cutting services, but the [SALA laser cutter service](https://sala.ubc.ca/resources/workshop-fabrication/laser-cutters) (Contact: [Graham Entwistle](mailto:gentwistle@sala.ubc.ca)) was used for the previous build. 
    1. NOTE: If you are ordering new plexiglass, ensure that the length and width of the sheets can be accommodated within the constraints of the laser cutter where you plan to cut those sheets. Refer to the specific laser-cutter service's rules regarding maximum sheet sizes
    1. Before printing the whole design, prepare some small sample cuts to ensure your finger joints and other features with tight tolerances  
6. Once the panels have been laser-cut, assemble the panels into a cube and continue setting up the behavioral assay inside the cube
